###Project Journal
#####Time Review
I spent around 32-36 hours on this porject, starting on the January 20th and finishing on the 23rd. I spent my time at the beginning looking through Prof. Duvall's example code and understanding how JavaFX works. I want to say that I spent around 30 hours testing, debugging, and coding, where I would code a scene or an extra feature and then test and debug right away; so I am not too sure exactly how much time I spent on each one. Once I finished the code, I spent another 6 hours getting rid of code smells and duplicated code. I do not think I managed my code well, considering that I created one big class instead of multiple smaller classes, which is something I would like to improve on in the future. I think starting the project was the hardest for me because I was not sure what I wanted to do at the beginning, for example I did not know how to use JavaFX and I did not know how to start my game; but it got easier as I got more familiar with JavaFX. I think it was good for me to spend the time looking through the example code and experimenting with that before, but I think I wasted a lot of time trying to navigate my class. Since my class was so big, I think it got cluttered so that even though my methods were small and convenient, it was very annoying to search through the entire class for a certain method or variable.

#####Commits
I did not commit at all until I had finished the code, so I went from nothing in my game_vc54 repository to my entire project in it with almost no comments. I committed three times: once with my code, another with my images, and then the third was the updated versions of everything. I was a little confused about the commit messages because although I typed up different commit messages as I went through my terminal, when I checked on github afterwards all my commit messages had said "Updating README.md" and I was not sure why. My first two commits were to upload everything I had and to make sure I remembered how to commit things onto github. The second commits were with my updated code and images after I had gotten rid of a few bugs and had gotten rid of duplicate code. Looking back, I do not think my commit messages accurately represent my project's "story" because they were not very explanatory. One was "Updating README.md" and another one was "Main class file" which does nothing to show the progress of my code. Until now, I had been unaware that we were supposed to keep our github repository up to date with our local files. The purpose of my commits were just to upload my final project to github. I have not been able to find where to find the size of our commits; but considering that I committed everything at once, I am going to say that my commit size was unreasonable for someone else to review it before allowing it into the respository. 

#####Conclusions
I think I worked pretty effectively on the project. There are some design aspects that I would like to add if I had more time, so if anything I wish that I started the project earlier. I also think that I overestimated the size of this project. I thought it was going to be a lot harder than it was because I let everyone else stress me out about it and because JavaFX was a new and foreign thing to me. In the future, I think I should approach it with a much more level head rather than stressing it. The part of my code that required the most editing was near the end when I had to update all the booleans. Because I had to keep adding different booleans as checks in my code so that certain methods called in my step() method would not be run unless I was on a certain level of the game. To be a better designer, I need to stop putting all my code in one big method or one big class. By habit, in my other Computer Science classes I usually would just write one method, but since it was part of the assignment for this project I had to seperate my method into multiple smaller ones; however, I only used one class which I actually did not realized until I finished the assignment. I also need to start using better variable names (which was also a first for me in this assignment since I usually use random names that are completely unrelated to the variable itself). The one part I would like to improve on my project is the organization; like I mentioned before I would prefer to have multiple classes or have the methods in my class in a more organized order.
